First version of `ProperLogger` (#7)
GoProperly/js-proper-logger: README.md

npm install
```

## Building

> This project is build using TypeScript. Because of this there is a "build" step
> using rollup to generate a CommonJs and ESmodule bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is built using TypeScript. Because of this there is a "build" step
using Rollup to generate CommonJS and ESmodule bundles.
```

```sh
npm run build
```

> If your making many changes you can run the build in "watch" mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're making many changes you can run the build in "watch" mode:
```
